Mention Response.redirect (#1335)
withastro/docs: src/pages/en/guides/server-side-rendering.md

  return new Response(JSON.stringify(responseData), { status: 200 });
}
```

### Redirects

Since `Astro.redirect` is not available in API Routes you can use [`Response.redirect`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Response/redirect).

```js title="src/links/[id].js" {14}
import { getLinkUrl } from '../db';

export async function get({ params }) {
  const { id } = params;
  const link = await getLinkUrl(id);

  if (!link) {
    return new Response(null, {
      status: 404,
      statusText: 'Not found'
    });
  }

>   return Response.rediret(link, 307);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  return Response.redirect(link, 307);
```

  return new Response(JSON.stringify(responseData), { status: 200 });
}
```

### Redirects

Since `Astro.redirect` is not available in API Routes you can use [`Response.redirect`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Response/redirect).

```js title="src/pages/links/[id].js" {14}
import { getLinkUrl } from '../db';

export async function get({ params }) {
  const { id } = params;
  const link = await getLinkUrl(id);

  if (!link) {
    return new Response(null, {
      status: 404,
      statusText: 'Not found'
    });
  }

  return Response.redirect(link, 307);
}
```

> To do a local redirect you have to include the full URL, for example:
> 
> ```js title="src/pages/redirect.js"
> export async function get({ request }) {
>   const url = new URL(request.url);
>   return Response.redirect(`${url}/home`, 307);
> }
> ```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`Response.redirect` requires that you pass a full URL. For local redirects, you can use `request.url` as the base with [the `URL` constructor](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/URL/URL) to build an absolute URL:

```js title="src/pages/redirect.js"
export async function get({ request }) {
  const url = new URL('/home', request.url);
  return Response.redirect(url, 307);
}
```
```
